fix: Fixing capitalizations in code comments (#5)
momentohq/momento-node-ioredis-client: README.md

  new CacheClient({
    configuration: Configurations.Laptop.v1(),
    credentialProvider: CredentialProvider.fromEnvironmentVariable({
      environmentVariableName: 'MOMENTO_AUTH_TOKEN',
    }),
    defaultTtlSeconds: 3600,
  }),
  config.cacheName,
);

// Or use Momento wrapper functions to provide a more drop-in friendly replacement when trying to toggle between Momento and Redis.
// Use env vars to configure Momento. See Momento wrapper function configuration section.
// Initialize basic Redis client Momento wrapper
const redisClient = NewIORedisWrapper();

> // Or Initilize Momento as you would a `ioredis cluster client

Author: ```suggestion
// Or initialize Momento as you would an `ioredis cluster client.
```

  config.cacheName,
);

> // Or use Momento wrapper functions to provide a more drop in friendly replacement when trying to toggle between Momento and Redis.

Author: ```suggestion
// Or use Momento wrapper functions to provide a more drop-in friendly replacement when trying to toggle between Momento and Redis.
```
